Please do today.
At first
If you hadn't brought me into Chinese by hand
How did the leaves become what I am today?
Waiter, I've been waiting for five years.
Finally waiting for the day when you return to abuse us
Hey, Dad, is Chufan arguing with Xiaorou?
In fact, today is the old man's birthday.
Skylark Hotel is waiting for you
Ok dad, I'll be right over
Brother, don't laugh at me for talking too much.
just
Miss Jiang's family style of Qu Yuan clothing
I think you'd better stay away from the opposite sex
I was invisible back then
The old man has always been nice to me
Let's say goodbye to him this time
All right, I'll take you there.
Let's go, Doudou
What is this?
You forgot the original Skylark International
Invite us here for a dinner party
lady boss
I specially sent you one.
The only VIP diamond card
It's just that you were drunk
This card has always been with me.
The lady boss is your die-hard fan
In order to meet you
I especially want to give you this card.
With this card
You can enjoy the highest treatment at Skylark International
Today is your father-in-law's birthday
You can't go empty-handed.
I'll take you in, hey, hey, don't
You are such a big star to accompany me in
Don't dare to make any big noise
I can go by myself
Gone
Zhou Dong, you are not busy giving awards to the Chinese music scene
Why are you free to call me?
Send your idol a masked singer
Come to Skylark International for dinner?
Oh, by the way, I have already handed over that card to him.
What you asked me to do five years ago was not satisfactory
Pardon me?
The masked singer is coming to our Skylark Hotel
Well, then I wish Mr. Yun a successful flight.
Happy birthday dad
It's not because my sister is messing around
The loser who drank it?
Why stop with empty hands?
The Chu family has handed over such a thing as you